Open the VS Download Website
Select older versions
Choose 2019 and click on download
It will ask for the credentials of Our Outlook account. 
Select from the list, VS Community Edition and click download. 
After the Download is completed, Click on it and follow the instructions to install VS Installer.
With Installer, U can select the required Components(.NET DESKTOP App Development) and continue till the Installer asks to close the Window. 
If required, U need to restart the Windows OS and select Visual Studio. 

What is .NET Framework?
Its a platform for developing various kinds of Apps using multiple programming languages that can primarily run on Windows OS, however, U can make the Application execute on multiple platforms also. 
Developed by MS for creating large scale Applications from Terminal based to Web based as well mobile Platforms. U can develop Database centric Apps, Web Apps, Micro controller Level Apps, Services, Windows based UI Apps. 

U should have Windows OS, which will contain all the required Framework and Compilers required for developing the applications. 
If U want to develop the App in industrial Scale, then its good to have Visual Studio, an IDE(Tool or a Window) for developing Apps on .NET. Rich Apps with lot of collaborations from various Developers, Debugging, Testing and monitoring should be done for a real time app which is offered by Visual Studio. 

What is the difference b/w VS(IDE) and .NET Framework(Platform) and C#(Language)?

The MOST POPULAR programming language used for developing the .NET Apps is C#. C# has the features of OOP, Similarity with C++ and easy and non confusing syntax, makes it the most prefered programming language for creating .NET Apps. C# is created for .NET by the .NET Team. It will have no confusions while working with it. 
U can use VB.NET, Python, Cobol, Pascal, Fortron, C++ for creating .NET Apps. 

To learn the language features, U should practise the coding using Visual Studio.
Project type to select:
Select Console App(.NET Framework) with C# as the programming language.  

All C# Code is saved with Extension .cs. 
To View the files of UR project, U can view them in Solution Explorer.
UR Project itself is saved with an Extension .csproj 
UR Solution will be saved with an Extension .sln.

UR Code is grouped into Namespaces, to avoid naming conflicts of UR Classes when U work in large projects with multiple developers collaborating UR Work. 
.NET Framework itself has a large no of ready to use classes which are grouped into Namespaces. System is one such namespace that contain the basic classes and Structures required for your application development. Likewise, U also have 100s of namespaces that contains 100s of classes that can be used to develop UR Application. 
If U want to consume a Class from a given namespace, U should reference it by using the 'using' and name the namespace. 
In the code, U can directly refer the class. 
Main is the Entry point of UR Application which is a part of a class. From here, UR program will execute and terminate after the Main is completed. 
Console.WriteLine is used to display text on the Output Window(Console).
Console.ReadLine is used to take inputs from the user in the Output Window. ReadLine method always returns String only

A property of a class is an attribute that defines the charecteristic of the class. A Person will have info about him as Name, Address, Telephone, 
Propery for a class is usually accessible from anywhere in the program(public). Properties are public in nature. 

Create a Class called Customer with Details like Name, BillNo, Bill Detail, Amount and Date. Take inputs from the User and display the details in the User interface.



 
 


   